summer is a time for excitement so go
ahead and switch things up
with a new recipe from hellofresh with
pre-measured ingredients and easy to
follow directions
it's never been easier to try something
new get 12 free meals
including free shipping with code face
at hellofresh.com face 14.
[Applause]
hello and welcome to episode 58 i think
is this 58
yeah is this yeah 58 a face what's
everyone's favorite brand of honey
mustard
i'll go first i really enjoy white spots
i don't i know they're a restaurant
chain and not a brand
they have a fantastic honey mustard jeff
what is your favorite
i'll be honest with you android i'm not
i don't like it wow
i don't think i've ever bought it from
like like a brand at a store i've had it
on yeah you know if i'm picking a sauce
in a restaurant maybe i'll wait
but i don't ever like buy the whole
thing it's weird to me dude i like honey
and i like mustard but together they
don't it doesn't it doesn't it's not a
draw for me
i respect that you love it so much i
really do
huh i do oh sh and nick has an answer
he's got texas
locked and loaded i yeah i don't know
why i didn't immediately go to nick for
this
texas honey ham company can i get texas
honey ham company
seems pretty spicy let's see if i can
order that
i mean i got salad cream do you know
what i realized by the way
what did you realize we went around
everyone
and did the soda chug burp challenge
yeah i couldn't help but notice that
someone was absent
when we did that that's an excellent
point so we're gonna need oh we're gonna
need to
sort of round off this whole chapter of
face today probably
i'm probably uh i'm gonna have to agree
eric thoughts yeah so how is nick gonna
do this
nick already did it nick did it it was
part of the chug okay
so then okay follow-up question can i
fake it like jeff or do i actually have
that
i didn't fake it it's a great place i
told you it was gonna be a letdown if i
did it because i've already proved that
i can do it easily
why do people think you're faking it i
don't know because because there is okay
so
jeff's like i'm gonna chug it and then
there's no and he says like i'm gonna
try to do this so you can hear it
you hear nothing and then a few seconds
later he's like halfway through
and then there's like a second of
nothing and then done well i assume
nick's just cutting out
silence could be but i felt like even
live
it was yeah see nick says true that's
because i don't i don't make a lot of
noise i don't
sound like a dying dinosaur when i drink
like you do i'm sorry
oh nick nick couldn't hear the truth
listen hold up
now i'm getting oh nick okay right
nick if you can hear jack in the audio
when we couldn't hear
jack that is damning evidence because i
was going to say the fact that we
couldn't hear jack made me think that
jeff
did do it and we just couldn't hear it
if you can hear jack in the audio
that to me indicates that jeff didn't do
the chuck i believe that jeff fully did
it but i'm willing to continue on the
path that he didn't just so he has to do
it again
it sounds like he's gonna try it again
he definitely did it last week i
i'm not sure about that the lack of
audio
is fascinating
[Laughter]
how much you were just getting you you
were enjoying it so much
as we struggled to even chug it it was
just like
well because you guys were making so
much [__] about how easy it was
and then it was a nightmare for
everybody involved okay i i listen
i'm gonna do it again okay okay here
listen to the [__]
it's uh coke zero uh-huh listen listen
for this can you hear that i'm gonna
open it
did you hear that sounded real yeah
definitely it splattered me in the
[__] face
all right so now i just i'm just gonna
drink it i'm gonna stop at some point to
breathe
but i won't sounds like a sound effect
why don't you produce
why don't you produce an audible hum so
we'll know where you are in the stage of
drinking and breathing
i'll try to turn on my camera
suck like my butt all right here we go
here i'll take a [__] photo i'll take
a [__] photo
right i mean that doesn't prove anything
we know you have a soda this the photo's
useless
i don't all right here we go i'm gonna
record this all right here we go i'm
gonna record it all right here we go
okay
let's uh here we go record i'm not
actually recording it's not like an
action bronson type thing
uh and
i mean already sounds worse than it did
last time
oh i could hear it i can't hit the chug
that time he's really making it count
there
silence again all right it's gone
that was really fast yeah i just did it
that was that was
really quick
oh oh no nick just said on a second
listen i can hear the chugging
yeah jeff you didn't have to do it god
i need to credit eric with the masterful
performance
of being asked to drink a soda and then
having this happen that was a great
great move by eric a great point in the
move and but that only works if we just
move on and refuse
to go back to eric that's true but we
don't do that we
no eric uh you're up i don't i don't
think i keep soda in the house i can
you try to who what do you mean you're
an american
i don't drink i don't really drink soda
i can try to what if what if i crush a
budweiser is that
american like that's very american
that's like all right
talk about something else and i'll try
to i'll try to i'll go get a budweiser
real quick
all right hang on i'll be right back
uh nick's right nick's right you could
favorite or instacart it and it'd be
there in no time at all
definitely before the end of the show we
can even vamp and run long
yeah i can i can have my name at dylan
this has got to go 50 houses or however
the distance
god i'm trying to share this stupid
video and i won't share on the discord
thing
yeah well maybe we should save the eric
chug for the finale go out on like half
kind of set a tradition
nick said it might be sparkling water
not a soda well i don't know what that
means
yeah like i understand what those words
mean well
i think as long as it's carbonated i
think a sparkling water is
fizzier than a soda you do or you don't
i do
i would rather chug a soda than a
sparkling water i think if i knew the
sparkling water would be even worse than
what i was doing
that's what i was doing i was doing
sweet i don't drink soda wait
this just dawned on me wasn't the thing
you're supposed to drink and then not
burp
yeah it was a sparkling soda we've been
wrong the entire time with soda it's
been
completely off but didn't jeff just
drink it and then burp immediately
yeah i know he lost immediately but yeah
yeah i gotta go 30 seconds
time to start yeah yeah i lost i just i
just drank it
oh i didn't know i wasn't aware that
that was an option no if we're doing
this right you need to chug
two cans and then not burp for 30
seconds oh that's insane what an insane
thing no
i'm not doing it it's totally totally
doable i just don't have two cans left
that was my last year i think
that's interesting everybody yelled at
me when i said i didn't have
soda but just going no i don't have two
cans left i just drank one on camera
well hang on you could insta cart it
real quick
be here by the end of the show need to
because i've already
done it twice now you did one
well eric just do your bud crush your
bird eric oh yeah
oh is he doing cam yeah i'll turn on a
little camera for you
okay here we go uh it's budweiser king
of beers
uh this is uh the america can so mm-hmm
i also don't think i can do this like i
guess i'll try
yeah like what me what is a chug i feel
like you can't remove the can from your
yeah yeah but you can
pause all right i haven't done this
since college cheers to you
look at him bragging about going to
college
did you go to college for the globe rate
he's glad no i did not go to college
gavin did you go to college no well i
went to sixth floor
me either i didn't even go to sixth form
all right it's down
30 seconds it's not burped yet he looks
good in the mic eric get in get through
the mic we need to hear the suffering
he does not look good he's shaking his
hands shaking it out
i think he's like true no jeff might be
right yeah you lose the no
oh no i lost it i felt it it went back
down and now my stomach's even worse
i don't know that i can burp
oh jesus christ
that's the first time i think i've
chugged a budweiser without popping it
with a key
and then slamming it
when was the last time you did that uh
oh by the way did i tell you eric i i
have a hard out after the uh the break
[__]
you have a heart oh i think we both have
the same heart out i was going to ask if
it's
your heart out as well oh it's i we have
the exact same heart out
what's what's your heart out we have
a group that sees movies
that had to take a break for a while but
now we're back in full force
and it's an insane group of people
so we went and saw hobbs and shaw i got
asked by
tim g tpg from sales and he went
bro you [__] with hobbs and shaw and i
said
[Music]
and i said i guess so and he said you
[__] with
d-box and i said i don't know what that
is and he said
d-box hobbs and shaw and i said okay so
i show up to a movie theater
myself tim g meg
and gavin and that's the group
so tim g hit me up earlier this week or
last week and he said
bro i can't wait to [__] with fast nine
and i said let's do it he said
d-box and i said let's [__] do it and
he said i'm getting the crew back
together
the d-box crew is [__] baby
it's i'm so not excited it's the d-box
family you guys are honoring them
straight up
is perfect like right after we do
break [__] we are like going
and seeing [__] fast and furious
tim g i don't know it's been it's been a
few years it's been a few
i'm i'm i'm like legitimately excited
i'm so jealous
this is like a great experience it
sounds like an awesome time
i've actually seen every first movie in
d-box
since i moved to this country in 2012.
and the first time was probably the
roughest because
i i think i'd eaten something a little
bit gammy earlier in the day
was that with ben no i think it was with
michael and lindsey uh i saw fast five
in d-box i think with ben
yeah i think that was a little bit
earlier that was probably before i moved
here
but i i i think i ate some gammy trudies
or something or i had too many
frozen margaritas or something but i sat
down and it did the little d-box
trailer where it's like ah this is what
these seats do and they're like shut
the [__] up and then i was just like
i have to go and throw up before this
movie starts
because i was about to hurl in my seat i
ran
well like right before the movie started
i ran through up and came back and it
was awesome
it was great before we get too far away
i have some questions i need to ask
gavin did you receive the same pitch the
kimchi come to you and say do you [__]
with hobsonshot was it the same intro
how did you get recruited into the
family well i want to say that
because i was already i'd already had my
perfect record of
fast movies in d-box i think he was
trying to seed hobbs and shaw
and i recommended d-box and then he
passed that on to eric and now it's just
become the crew
but how did okay i guess i don't see how
he becomes involved in it at that point
he seems like the dom toretto of this
d-box family
um and it's you're making it sound like
he was an addition like you're doing
this regardless and you just happened
across but that's the thing here's the
here's the thing fast and furious
is a group of people who were already
doing a lot of different things that
have come together
and now they are secret agents
uh so that's kind of what we're doing
we're all doing different stuff
i'm kind of like the ludicrous of this
whole thing okay
definitely like been around
but also you go but really what's he
doing here
so i feel good in my role was it
was it tpg last time who took the poster
yeah oh he was so excited about a free
poster it was i just like that
i like that this crew that's getting
back together has never
once hung out outside of a fast movie
that we have literally never all been in
the same place again
you can't time the only time we've hung
out
is the one time seeing that other movie
the coven happened and tim went
bro you [__] fast nine
it's going to be so good i'm excited i'm
so excited we're going to open a bunch
of cards
and then we're going to go shaking
around yeah
we're going to open cards i'll quickly
go make myself throw up and then we'll
head out
i'm curious how many other people got
invited to the d-box family
this is a great thing i i hope it
expands
sounds like a pretty exclusive club i
can't wait for one of you to die and
then come back
two years later i got invited to the
sunday overflow event with alfredo
so i'll be seeing it there i'm going to
that one too so i'll see you there
everyone could swell
[Laughter]
because then we saw alfredo at a bar and
i bought coronas
and i just went it's family and then we
felt really good about it
what i it's interesting you called them
agents i don't know what i'd categorize
the crew as i feel like they're a bit
are they a family business
technically like what well they think
they've registered a company
i don't i think they're a family
business technically
i think i was watching fast six
no fast seven on a plane and there was
one point where
this girl like gave them information and
uh
they were like oh the our other team
would have tortured you for that
information and she's like i don't trust
that team i trust you
and i'm like they've gotten so big they
have teams
within their team that's insane
that's crazy we've witnessed the
expansion the first movie was about
racing it was about stealing vcrs
that was like the big heist of the first
movie we've come a long way
this is how governments are born
can you imagine how bummed people would
be if foss9 was just a racing movie
it's like a weird gi joe thing now like
he's got a metal suit i'm excited i want
to see you fast night now
you've you've excited me about these
movies i mean they're great movies to
begin with
have you played any of the games for
faster theories uh yeah
jeff and i made a video i think in uh
yeah we played phosphate
five yeah oh the one that doesn't have
like it's what is it like tyrese and
ludicrous and paul walker
are like the playable characters like
vin diesel i don't think is in
that game i don't remember i just
remember it was
trash it was really not it was really
bad the only good fast game was like the
forza tie-in and it's not even really
like it's just the cars
but like the narrative they put out a
new one like a year ago that i haven't
played
that i own that i'm excited to speaking
of uh gi
joe and how much enjoyment we got out of
sweden
uh rutabaga do you know what the english
version of gi joe is called
i feel like when you say it i'll
recognize it but i could not
pull it like i couldn't just say it
right now but i'll be what it is yeah
that's correct
action man
so wait are they the action men no just
and i think that's like an action it's
like another action team i guess
i don't know but it's gi joe it's like
scarlet and
hawk and hawkeye i don't know i think
it's just like a british spin-off and he
has like
real hair oh it's just like spin-off
it's not even a real i thought you're
saying that's what it was called
i thought it was like the cartoons like
like you have teenage mutant hero
turtles
action man action man yeah well it's
just like the dolls and stuff
i'm so confused by you you somehow made
this more confusing yeah so what was
when you watched g.i joe the cartoon in
england what was it called action man
the cartoon
i didn't see gi joe i don't know great i
just had actually
this is like my without gi is that what
you want from me
was it leona waddell the basket weaver
where like i knew one thing about her
and this is yours that you know one
thing
and you have no other information about
action man i don't know look up action
man i'm pretty sure it's
the same thing kinda mostly well it's
you're saying it's exactly the same
thing
those are two very different things if
it's not the same thing if it's not the
same thing you just told me that there's
a thing in the europe called
action man yeah but the whole point was
that it was a [__] gi joe thing and i
don't think it is i think it's just
an action man i don't think it is i
looked up action man right now it is
a canadian it appears um tv series
australia let me i'm going to into the
wiki 2000
action man tv series i feel like i owned
an action figure for the axeman maxima
is his name max
the show is unrelated to the 1995 show
is that what you're referring to
action man is an action figure launched
in britain in 1966 by blah blah blah as
a licensed copy of hasbro's american
movable fighting man gi joe
so it's a variation it's not uh
because it's licensed by so it's i guess
technically the same but it's
different or maybe they're just using
the same pieces
i don't know look now i'm worried that
it's nothing to do with that
with gi joe but it looks like it kind of
is well it's i've i feel like
somebody called an action man would fit
under the gi joe umbrella as far as like
what that content would be
action man and gi joe the same
we had rescue heroes when i was growing
up was r like gi joe equivalent
but imagine do you remember the psas in
gi joe of like
don't [__] leave the stove on yeah
i've only seen like the funny redubbed
ones from yeah
the golden age of the internet rescue
heroes was
if they made gi joe but it was only the
psas
it was just like here's a group of like
kind of not really soldiers but like
firefighters and ambulance people and
they're superheroes
they're gonna stop a fire or like
there's a tsunami coming in it was not
it's not really thrilling was uh was
that canadian
produced it was yeah i want to say it
was a canadian cartoon
action man it's a licensed copy of
hasbros
so i guess it's the same as it's the
same as the gi joe doll but it's not in
the gi joe universe
that makes sense i think they just took
the doll and renamed it so it's
not yeah yeah no i think it's his own
separate thing from what i could tell
what does gi even stand for general
issue
or government issue fat play game
informer
or game informer yeah
[Applause]
what is hellofresh i feel like if you
don't already know the answer at this
point and you've been living under a
rock
and not a flavor rock hello fresh is
fresh pre-measured ingredients in
mouth-watering
seasonal recipes delivered right to your
door
so that you can skip trips to the
grocery store and count on them to make
home cooking easy
fun and affordable for you it's why it's
america's number one
meal kit just try hello fresh's quick
and easy meals they have 15
to 20 minute dinners they get breakfast
on the go and they have easy options
perfect for your busy lifestyle and
if you're alive in 2021 i'm assuming you
have a busy lifestyle it's
uh where it seems like we're not allowed
not to also hellofresh offers 50 menu
and market items each week including
ready to eat salads
sandwiches and soups everybody loves
soup it's like a universal truth
enjoy a wide variety of easy delicious
options for
all three meals a day plus every snack
and special treat in between
with the hellofresh market i can't say
delicious
options together to save my life that
was the best one 27 takes that was the
best one
get a better value hellofresh is 28
cheaper than shopping at your local
grocery store and 72
cheaper than a restaurant meal without
sacrificing the quality and that's
according to the zagat dining survey
that's not just me throwing around
numbers
that's them throwing around numbers go
to hellofresh.com
face 14 and use code face 14
for up to 14 free meals plus
free shipping that's hellofresh.com face
and use code face 14 hellofresh
america's number one meal kit
using the internet without expressvpn is
like
answering every phone call in your life
on speakerphone
no matter where you are a sensitive call
from the doctor
you'll take it on speakerphone on the
bus that's what you're doing if you're
not using something like expressvpn
because isps like comcast or verizon
they know
every single website you visit because
internet service providers and i'm not
going to name them you know who they are
you pay for one of them
they know every single website you visit
isps can then sell this information to
ad companies and tech
giants who then use your data to target
you
with very cleverly disguised ads for oh
i don't know uh decorative spoons and
ceramic thimbles maybe so why use
expressvpn
i'll tell you why so that you can
protect your secure
data expressvpn creates a secure
encrypted tunnel
between your device and the internet so
people can't peep on your online
activity that's what tunnels are for
they're for hiding stuff
getting something from point a to point
b without the prying eyes
fire up the app click one button it's
rated number one by cnet wired and the
verge
probably some other people it works on
phones laptops even
routers so that everybody who shares
your wi-fi can also be protected
i like expressvpn most because when i'm
thimbling as we call it i like to do it
in private
i don't want big thimble or big spoon
spying on me i like to keep my
transactions
in the ceramic and collectible uh market
i like to keep them to myself
it's my business and only mine secure
your online activity by visiting
expressvpn.com
face today that's e-x-p-r-e-s-s-v-p-n
dot com face it's kind of like a song
and you can get an
extra three months free expressvpn.com
face jeff you're a chain guy
what's up apparently you're a chain guy
apparently
that's what i said when you told me your
chain guy what does that mean
i'm a chain guy now i bought a chain and
i wear it and i like it
now i'm a train guy you're a necklace
guy yeah i bought a chain i bought like
a
gold chain and i've been wearing it to
test it out and see if i like wearing a
chain
and i do and then i uh i've discovered
that i quite enjoy
chains and i'm a chain guy oh this chain
is a
cuban link chain and i quite enjoy it i
think i might get another chain can we
see a picture of this chain
i'd love to see a photo of the chain and
i want to say that when jeff said i'm a
chain guy
i bought a chain and i'm not wearing it
i immediately went to like rampage
jackson chain level i didn't think jeff
met like a necklace
i thought i'll drop it in the discord i
thought jeff was going full
rampage jackson and i was all about it i
was very excited to see you
walking around i thought it was gonna be
like
andrew i might be going in that
direction i mean like i'm not you don't
nobody starts out as me
it's the same thing those photos are
identical
yeah right
oh i feel pretty that looks like
who wore it better huh who wore it
better
looks like a chain from tiffany
that's just a chain it's like a guy's
chain
you don't got even anything on it are
you not going to put like a pendant or
something
like a gem like a like a charm no
i got it i got it on the internet or a
lot
and i got it emily
no no just the chain just the chain i
might get a bigger one though
you should absolutely get a bigger one i
don't know
get one as large as rampages but i i i
would like to add i i would like to at
some point get to a
i'd like to have enough chains where
it's an issue with you
oh sorry do you wear this to bed do you
sleep in this chain
yeah you just live in it that you don't
take them off because their heart is
[__] to take on and off
so it's just on me 24 hours a day i've
been wearing it for about a month now
and i'm
digging it yeah usually keep it
usually keep it tucked under the shirt
so it's subtle you don't see it a lot
gavin for instance we we spent an entire
soccer game together you had no idea i
was rocking a chain
you were wearing that then every second
there's no way i gotta look at a selfie
there's no way
look at the selfie there'll be a chain
around my neck it's probably tucked in
my shirt but you'll still be able to see
oh i
i guess i didn't take a picture with you
i just took one with millie
well that makes sense i'm
i'm happy that you're a chain guy jeff
but i gotta say this is like the most
disappointing version
of that lead-in i i didn't mean to
disappoint you
i'm not sure how else i should have
should have presented it to you
i used language that gav that andrew
specifically would understand
andrew the i'm a blank guy so i said i'm
a chain guy
i was trying to speak to you in your
vernacular you do appear to be a chain
guy oh while i was looking for that
picture
i found the picture i took of jack at
that football game by the way
that is definitely jack you have no idea
how far away that actually was from us
that's the
that's really we we took a bunch of
pictures and then we zoomed in
and uh for about 30 minutes trying to
find jack until we finally did
since you are you're a chain guy jeff
can i suggest some chains to you
so maybe some things to add to your
please do your collection okay so i'm
gonna go
first of all with uh the classic stylish
it's been around forever maybe a nice
squidward
gold that looks expensive it's not it's
like a hundred dollars
oh that's also patrick you're right star
that's patrick i was wildly inaccurate
uh
what about uh rocket power you fan of
rocket power don't know that
you do rocket power look at them on a
skateboard you like the skateboard
do you like skateboards i'm not familiar
with that brand that's pretty cool
though
yeah those are top two the last one i
have not a necklace but maybe you want
to expand are you a ring guy
are you in the rings not yet well now
you can be
because a big achievement fan
achievement hunter
has got to be stylish with xbox you got
to be
rounded out that seems more like an eric
than me but i like it
if you would have posted you wearing
that patrick chain i would have been all
about it i might do it
who knows yeah i'd support it you got to
work your way up to it i feel like
a chain is something you work your way
up to you got to build
the kind of confidence and the kind of
presence that allows one to have a chain
i don't think you just like you don't
just walk out of the store
yeah looking like rampage jackson i
don't understand the path
to that though like who did you see with
a chain and then you thought
yeah that's me you didn't just think i'm
gonna get a chain
i was thinking about mr t yeah i was
thinking about how cool mr t
was really when i was a kid and then
i was thinking about uh like how i
always wanted to be like mr t and then i
thought well mr t
and i was like he wore a lot of jewelry
and i was like why don't i wear jewelry
and then i looked and i have you know i
wear i've always worn a rubber band
and i have my fart bracelet and then i
thought like well my wrists are pretty
full
i can't get an ankle bracelet that would
be weird the only thing left is i only
the only other stick i have just to put
something around is my neck
so i said [__] it i'll be a little baby
mr t how are you going to incorporate
snacks onto the necklace that's
yes exactly that's another question
right it's like here i
am designing edible jewelry
yet i don't wear jewelry so i can
only assume that over time
i will uh i will glean some insights
that will help
this is like gateway jewelry yeah yeah
right like you gotta you gotta live it
to understand it to sell it what do you
have to do to become someone who wears
two chinks
what is the elevation to that because i
assume your next chain will be swapped
if you're saying like building up the
chain line i don't know how do you
achieve
two levels of change i honestly don't
know i'm worried i'm just worried about
you
the amount that you fall off your bike
i'm worried that that's gonna get caught
on something
and you're gonna be just hanging from a
bridge by your chin
speaking of falling off my bike though i
did not fall off my bike today
thank god that's it that's your story
you didn't well
yeah well i i've been working on a new
trick
and uh okay today was the day
and i didn't fall i made i did my trick
what is the trick all right did you
record it is there video of the trick
no no no there's no video but so like uh
you know when i ride my bike i have my
my route that i go
and there are some spots that i like to
do in the bike rides yeah the bike rides
i like to do some fun stuff like the the
area where i uh i go up the side of the
the hill uh or the ball where i crashed
in the snow
you still do that huh oh yeah i still do
it now i'll be honest with you
i'll be honest with you it took me a
while to to feel okay doing it again
and then i did a baby's for a while uh
and now i'm back to doing it now i'm
back to bombing at full speed
again so there's this other area where
you come out of a tunnel
and immediately it takes a hard right up
a hill
but uh on the left is like a wall kind
of like a
a leveled embankment kind of like the
one that i wreck on but this one
it wraps away so it's like convex a
little bit right
and this this wall frustrates me because
it it's very inviting
to ride a bicycle up you but because of
the way it's convex
it's very easy to lose
your right your rear tire and have it
spin out from under you and
cause you to wreck and that i would say
that happens probably
seven out of ten times i try to uh
navigate this thing
uh it's pretty common that i that i my
tire spins out
the problem is is like you come out of
this tunnel and then you make an
immediate right turn
if you go straight where the right turn
is that's a bridge over
a culvert like a drainage ditch that
goes about four feet down
so if you hit this if you come out of
tunnel and you hit this wall to the left
and right up it
it's impossible to turn around and come
down fast enough to make
the path you will either do one of two
things you'll either fall right off of
it
and take the four foot plunge which i've
done that's not fun
uh you'll miss it go down the fourth
that just misses you right on the area
and then slam
into the wall at about elbow
length and that sucks but i realized
today that if you just keep writing a
little bit no i didn't realize i
realized recently i
was able to do it today that if you keep
going a little bit on that wall and then
you just go down into the culvert
you can there's a lip on the other side
that's pretty tall
but if you hit it fast enough you can
jump it
and then land on the path and then keep
going in theory right
now the problem with that is you got to
hit that thing at speed
um and you got to build that speed up
going higher up on this embankment
and then swinging back around bombing
that and then you got to hit it hard
enough because it's the top it's like a
it's like a teeter-totter
and there's no like it's a real sharp
berm and you have to jump it
in theory and then table do like a bunny
hop over it or
the bottom of the bike will definitely
drag and you will fall
i know that because i tried this at
quarter speed uh like a week ago
and uh that's where i wrecked then i
tried it at half speed
and that's where i wrecked and then i
tried it at half speed again and i
wrecked in a different place and there
so i've done this a few times and i
realized that the only way to do it
successfully
is uh is to do it at speed and today
today i said [__] it
uh i don't have to go to town for a
couple days so i can handle a bruise or
a scab and so i i just [__] hit it
i hit it full speed and i was like who
knows what's gonna happen and i
jumped the [__] out of it it was awesome
it was like a movie it was like rad
and gleaming the cube all at once i
[__] i was
i was seven feet tall and i had a giant
penis by the end of it it was amazing i
couldn't believe i did it
what if we cut a sick trailer for face
i'll bring the phantom
and we'll film you do that how much air
is involved
emily has been trying to get me to cut a
trailer where i just spin that on my
bike and go like
face break [__] and then i haven't
gotten around to doing it but
i think it's a great idea i i also think
that you would look at it and go like
that's not hard at all but it's been
hard it's hard for me hard for a 46 year
old dude
requires a lot of coordination requires
a lot of sketchy [__] i've already
wrecked my bike
like a hole but what's hard if you're
not actually like
i assume you're not pedaling yeah yeah
you got a pedal to build up speed then
you got to ride
you got to ride up the side of this wall
high enough then navigate down and like
i said it's convex so the back tire
really wants to swing out from under you
which when that happens
you're eight and a half feet in the air
falling backwards down a concrete
embankment
with your bike going on top of you uh
been there not great
uh it's it's a lot to put together uh
especially at my advanced stage i'll be
honest
i i listened to everything you said and
i was listening to you know the stuff
about the culverts and the berms and
stuff
i if you asked me to draw a diagram of
what you actually did i would have
absolutely no idea at all i wouldn't
even know where to start at what this
looks like
from like a bystander's point of view
i'll take a picture next time i'm there
and then i can
draw the pat the i can draw the path how
about that i
i would love to see the video shoot of
this i think it'd be a great trailer
andrew you listen to all that right i
did i yeah i listened i have no idea
if you had to draw that what what would
you put i
it would be a wall and then like i don't
know what i'd do
a wall that you can ride up yeah so it'd
be like kind of a sidewall i guess
and then a loop and it sounds like your
trick is just ollying
if that's what no the trick is you ride
on the wall no the trick is you come out
of a turn
immediately ride up take out left right
up a wall
go about eight feet in the air up on the
wall to come down the wall
then bomb a hit obama culvert and then
go up the other side and then jump it
and uh sounds kind of imagining like a
uh like a ball gavin you know like a
skateboard
like he's going up and then down it's
like transitioning into a half pipe kind
of
i don't feel like i and then i can't
imagine
i feel like it's less impressive we're
gonna i'm gonna have to come out and
film this i need to see what's going on
i i just yeah i don't understand what
exactly how this works and i don't
you seem to be applying like your way to
generate
speed as part of the trick and i don't
feel like that's the trick i feel like
the trick is landing
the air gap that you make the air is the
most the wall thing
difficult part the wall thing's a little
sketchy too i think listen if you'd
wrecked on that wall as many times as i
have
you'd have a healthy fear of it that's
fair but hey you look good doing it with
your chain
look fantastic well yeah i i hadn't
considered that but i appreciate that
thank you yeah
i do look good i cannot wait for jeff to
be pulled by his automated
bike when his chain gets caught in the
sprockets
some woman's just gonna be delivering
cucumbers to the next house to see jeff
g drag down the street
if that were to happen i hope to god
somebody films it
not just a guy being pulled by a bike
with no one on it
but he's doing all the work just putting
all that effort into that bike
it's it's barely assisting at all yeah i
want to make that trailer that sounds
good
well let's do it i'm all about it dude
i've been practicing this trip for a
while
trick for a while it's not too far from
where you yeah it's
uh easy for you to get to gab pretty
sunny this weekend
i'm [__] i'll be hitting that i hit
it i'll be hitting that i'll be doing
that trick every day between now and
uh until i probably until i wreck and
then i
talk myself i'll just go to that spot
you could just continue your bike ride
i'll just grab the shot and you just
carry on just say hi
the problem is is now that i've done it
successfully once
uh i feel like i can i'll have to do it
every time
and then i'll just get then i'll just
get braver and braver and faster and
faster and then
that's when it gets worse are you the
kind of person that when
when someone's filming you are you the
kind of person who had hit it with even
more speed or would you get nervous
and slow down because there's two types
of people i would over compensate by
hitting it with more speed
that's what i thought yeah that's what i
thought yeah
what were you gonna say andrew i was
just hoping that you guys can do this
this weekend
i'm now my i'm excited if that is really
in play or is this happening this
weekend
well if we grab the phantom bring it out
there i think we could do it
i [__] yeah this should happen i i i
will
i can't wait by the way i'm excited we
were supposed to you were supposed to
invite me over to go swimming this week
and midweek it's thursday you never did
that
uh what i just remembered
i just remembered just now oh i had
other people over again
god damn it
the chances are i know those people and
they probably like me
[Laughter]
sounds like maybe gavin doesn't like you
i no that's that's that's yeah
it was meant to be a midweek hang on
andrew i'm starting to pick up on the
idea that maybe gavin doesn't like me
it's it's it's it's taking it a while to
sink in but it's becoming
unavoidably clear no not remotely true i
think no this is what happened you were
like
you asked me are you free on thursday
and i said but you're not
because we're doing this and you're like
oh no i said are you free on wednesday
because emily's off on wednesday and
that'd be the best day and you're like
yeah
and i said okay just let us know and
you're like yeah all right i'll invite
some other people over and then we'll
have fun and then
suck my butt yeah i messed that up
i watched that didn't i i will say jeff
i don't think you need to be worried
i don't expect our friendship to exist
outside of the recordings of this
podcast
i i would say tomorrow but we've got a
break [__] and we've got a and we've got
a d-box
and you got yeah you got other people i
get it you box family yeah
i don't think you should be worried jeff
until gavin invites me ahead of you then
you've got a problem
when i'm getting an out of country
invite you you wouldn't come though
even if you even if he did and you came
i wouldn't find out about it for like
six months anyway it's cool
if you invited me in a non-coveted world
if you invited me to a
lunch on let's say a thursday and it was
a monday and i got the invite i would
i would make that lunch so post covered
i can give you
three days notice for an invite in
austin and you'll be there
i'll be there that's dangerous you don't
think i'm gonna test i'm gonna test the
[__]
out of that yeah but then if i don't go
i don't lose anything when is post
coving
2025 that's a great that's a great point
yeah
six years from now do you know that
andrew texted me the other day and he
said he missed
outskirts i did i not even okay so
this goes deeper than gavin even
realizes oh
i was just so i had the whole property
brothers thing and they've done stuff to
that app that is crazy that i don't need
to get into but it's just they made some
bizarre
decisions on how that thing works got
some more pay to win
it's less pay to win okay so i didn't
plan on getting into it but so how you
play property brothers if you don't want
to spend money
is whenever you fully upgrade a house
you get one hour of unlimited plays if
you don't do that you have to wait for
your energy to fill
so you'd have to be really smart with
like timing okay i'm gonna upgrade this
house
then i have one hour to make as much
cash as i can to upgrade the next house
so i could try to chain it so i'm not
having to wait for my thing to recharge
i didn't really notice this there were
no ads in that game
like typically when you play a free
mobile game you're constantly getting
video ads they had none
they finally added them but
what happens is you can either watch an
ad to like gain energy or
when you play a level if you don't beat
it they give you an option of end the
level
or pay money to keep playing like five
more turns
or watch this ad and get two more turns
so i was like i can finish this in two
more turns i'll watch this ad i do it i
failed i couldn't beat it
then i got the same prompt you can watch
as many
ads as you want and just keep playing
the level you will never lose as long as
you're willing to watch
an ad you get two more turns i did it
for eight turns
you watched a ads i watched four ads oh
i got two turns per ad
i watched four ads did eight turns beat
the level
but it has completely ruined their micro
transaction system which is crazy to me
because we can't
get money off the ads but you i just
feel like they would be i've never
played a mobile game where you can't
lose
and they've also completely negated the
reason
for they make money i don't know what
why don't you see that i understand what
you're saying
no i i get it but it's just such an odd
way to do it like why even have the
entire store they've rendered pointless
i'm just i have to watch a 15-second ad
it's like they've given up on selling
things
that's what it's interesting about it
i've never seen a mobile game do that
maybe no one was doing the micro
transactions
that's yeah i think that's logically
probably what happened but i've never
seen a game just declare like
we our store is pointless do not spend
money here just
watch these ads keep playing so i've
moved on to there's a gordon ramsay
mobile game called like chef's blast
and this is this is a weird thing so
it's playing that and he does
a surprising amount of voice work for it
um so i was like this is ridiculous
you're solving puzzles
you're unlocking recipes i think i could
go two weeks just with the recipes
i've unlocked is a weird kind of just
random challenge idea i had
but i'm playing this and so i shared it
as a joke i like tweeted about it
and then i made a team for it so i
posted in the discord like hey anyone
who wants to join my
gordon ramsay chef blast team this is
what you search for
and i woke up later and a bunch of
people join
and there's a leaderboard for the team
thing and it became super competitive
and i ended up spending my whole weekend
playing chef's blast
i cleared a hundred puzzle levels in the
first day and it just kept going
just everyone got super into it and i
realized part of that
is that i missed doing outskirts like i
needed something competitive to fill
that spot in my life
and it turned into gordon ramsay chef
blast people have gotten mild
they've beaten the game there's like 480
levels to chef blast somebody beat it
like it's absurd
how into it everybody got but it just
turned into this is a joke to waking up
of like this is now the most important
thing in my life
and i'm actually doing this because i
miss outskirts as crazy as that
there was something so special about
outskirts from my perspective because
i really loved your streams it was it
was like my favorite tv show
of the week but imagine if to get your
tv show to come on you had to play halo
better than the tv show could and then
the tv show comes on
and then i'm so excited for the tv [__]
to come on and then the tv show just
kicks you in the
testicles and then it's back on you for
the next time it's a really odd way to
consume content
does it have to be like was there
something special about
outskirts that made it unique to that
challenge or could you play any other
halo level and just do it again you
don't have to shoot anything
yeah well in my opinion no i think we
could do other levels it's just i'm
waiting for gavin to make that call
if he wants to pick another level i'd
love to do it oh i suggested odst
andrew sounds desperate man he's playing
[__] pay-to-win
i'm playing chef black he's desperate
he's been ever since outskirts ended
he's been
just coming up with ideas left right
there all very good ideas but i still
think the thing that would anger him
most is losing outskirts again
well yeah i talked the problem with it
though is so
before we did any of this before face
was even a thing
i got into an argument with somebody
about who had a higher leader board
ranking in trials and i saw that gavin
had all the best beginner times and i
think i've talked about this already
yeah
i challenged gavin and i beat all of his
times but
one and i played it every day because
trials is so easy to drop in and out of
it was how i started my morning and it
took me a hundred days
to beat gavin's time i just do it every
day and you can't really do that without
skirts like you need momentum it's at
least like an
hour-long commitment to even get a run
like you can't there's a flow to it so
this is tough
i know you want to be that time i just
don't see you ever having
a large enough block that you could
purely dedicate
to purely annoying to just annoy me yeah
i don't think it happened there will be
a time in my future where i can do that
i think
probably i think it'd be more
interesting though if we just picked a
different level
you know what you know what andrew
phantom
what if i go to england i'm gonna have
to quarantine
for like 10 days or five if i get if i
do the test after day five
uh huh that might be all i need are you
doing are you saying for like an
outskirts you're gonna set a new
outskirts time
maybe just gotta bring an xbox five
straight days of outskirts oh i think i
can get that done
you were so unhappy i talked to you on
that last day the day you lost and i've
never heard you sound so depressed
it was sad it was the end of something
special for us
it was uh and also the it's gone like
those streams have vanished twitch has
removed them
i guess expired so there's no vod of
that happening why didn't you save them
i didn't uh typically they last like a
month and they changed their policies
like how long they last it was like a
week um does that mean donkey kong's
gone as well
oh donkey kong is long gone but nobody
needed to see donkey kong
i love this because i agree that with
gavin that it's
it turned into great tv my favorite tv
of the last few years was when andrew
was doing his uh winner winner chicken
dinner
monthly challenge in uh pub g and then
those streams in uh in halo
except it's even better for me because
it never punches me in the face i just
get to watch it
and then so i would love it if you guys
would strike this up again because i i
i'll be honest with you man i'm a
i've watched 11 seasons of survivor in
the last three weeks and i could use a
dif
maybe some variety
i think the best part of when i texted
gavin that i missed out skirts i put a
question mark on it like
in my car i didn't mean to but my core
was just like do you actually cause it
was terrible while you're in it is this
like you're just remembering the good
parts the fun of it
but i would love to have another
outskirts in her life that was fun one
day
one day we'll see i mean it sounds like
it could be close depending on uh
i've i told gavin this the last time we
talked about this you presented it as
like i would be annoyed by it and i was
very much like no i'd be fine i'm i'm
happy with where it was
i tried to get the time back i wanted to
do like the king of kong thing
you know where like steve weave sets the
new record and then billy mitchell has
that like
vh name yeah i just like submits a vhs
tape at the new time
i wanted to get a time faster than the
339 and just
sit at that final checkpoint and wait
for you
and i just i tried it i was impatient i
was like i think this might be it i got
340.
i don't think i'll ever pass 339. so if
you
hit like a 338 maybe it's it's like the
mile or whatever like it's good the bar
will be raced
oh just getting flashbacks it's a
miserable time while you're in it
ah it's fun it'll be fun think about how
much fun everybody but you has
why don't you try it i would love to see
jeff try it
oh no it's okay i don't have to do that
kind of stuff i'm gonna do a sweet
i'm gonna do the sweet bike trick i'll
do that i i
i provide entertainment in in scabs
for face uh you guys do the video game
scaps and shades yeah scabs and chains
baby and [__]
and just literal [__]
that tell you guys about my [__]
triangle this week
no [__] hell so the other day i wake
up
uh and i see arrow
in the hallway and emily
usually i get up you know she she barks
and lets me know
sometime between typically about 5am and
7am
hey [__] if you uh i need to go to
the bathroom and if i encounter
one second of resistance i'm going to do
it all over everything you know so i run
out and i
try to get her outside and i'm
successful 99 percent of the time
but uh this is maybe monday or tuesday
emily got up to go to work
and i slept in a little bit and so she
let arrow out
and then i just felt weird and so i got
up and i looked and arrow i just saw her
in the hallway
but something felt odd i couldn't figure
it out and then i realized she was
taking a [__] in the hallway
so i ran in there and i was like oh no
the sliding glass door had been left
shut
so i went to open it and like kind of
run around her while she's dumping on
the carpet
in the hallway and i [__] first off i
kicked i kicked the [__]
barefoot so i got some [__] on my big
toe uh
it's like 7 15 in the morning and i got
a shitty big toe
and i hit the so i just keep i just
don't break stride i just keep running
into the kitchen to get to the paper
towels or something how did you
kick it though because surely you were
looking i was like i was trying to i was
trying to run
around her and i just like
she didn't [__] in a straight line
anymore she's old
and so that was like that was like it
was it was like a
landmine of turds to circumnavigate and
so i clipped one
uh anyway and so i get into the kitchen
and as i'm realizing there's a little
bit of duty on my toe
i hit i didn't see this because the
lights are i hit the p
and i slide across the kitchen on p
uh i don't fall i don't fall but i
definitely do like uh tom cruise risky
business
uh but barefoot across the p and then so
i'm like
now both feet are just soaked and pissed
and i still got the duty
and i'm like and i spring into action i
clean it all up it's no big deal emily
actually cleans most of it up
because she was horrified you keep going
you slide up the wall up the cold
that was it that was it right that was
it then uh
then later that day i was outside
cleaning up dog [__] and i was barefoot
and i cleaned up all the dog [__] and i
turned around and i stepped right in a
big pile of dog [__] that i missed
and i like like i looked down as i
stepped in it like
like it's like like squeezed up through
my toes like i could see
i just i just didn't think you know and
and so there was like a pee incident and
then two poopy incidents right oh oh
so that i count the p and the poop one
together so then i was getting in
emily's car
the other day because we had to take
henry uh and we needed to go to the
doctor
uh was it because of his sneeze no he
had a funny sneeze around you though
no he has a it was a yeah it's uh some
other stuff
but uh and i guess he uh he'd been
stressed out because
he had to visit a cardiologist and he
had to wear like a special doggy vest
and he had uh maybe leaked a little poop
in the seat and i didn't know it and i
just sat right down in it
and then emily's like uh hold on i
didn't shoot man in the house and run
back out i didn't even know and then she
like gets me up and i realize that i've
sat in
in a little bit of a butt squirt uh so
that
that was all in the span of two days and
then it hit me
it hit me that with the exception of
those three incidents
things have been going pretty well for
me since i i got back from florida
uh-huh
and i think i i think i realized that if
i don't step on [__]
[__] steps on me and that's
that's when i realized that that's my
place in the universe i gotta stop
trying to avoid the literal
[__] in my life that my the universe
will let me
exist in a like a reasonably like a c
plus b minus life man
as long as i stop trying to trying to
jump my station
uh trying to try to live above the
literal
feces and urine of of the universe uh
that's not gonna work for me right any
time i try to get a big head
and i try to think like oh no i'm better
than dog [__]
uh i'm gonna sc i'm gonna i'm gonna live
a life that doesn't require me to
to live in admired and dog [__] and
human [__] and other kinds of [__]
uh the universe says uh it hits me it
knocks me whack-a-moles me right back
into the turds right
so i'm just i'm just gonna embrace it
and just be just i'm not gonna be better
i'm not gonna try to be better than [__]
anymore
i'm just gonna step on the [__] you can
at least make it easier and not be
barefoot all the time i mean that is
true you can reduce
how often i don't think it's i don't
think it's out of the ordinary to
expect to be barefoot in my kitchen and
my hallway at seven in the morning
i thought you were excited i wear shoes
enough i thought you were busy
i just i had just always talked about
walking up i hadn't taken a shower yet
i hadn't gotten dressed yet i was in
underwear walking you know
i feel like i mean a shoe a sock is no
better than a barefoot
yeah attack in some ways would be worse
i think it sucks then i'd have to wash a
sock
yeah i didn't throw the sock away right
and then i'd lose a [__] stuff that
was more of my annoyance that you called
me weird for never being a sock person
is what that combo is about
i issued the first and to my
recollection
only official face retraction over this
term that is true i
i apologized and it admitted
the heaps of hypocrisy that i that i
that i reaped on you it's uh i can only
apologize so much andrew
that's fair would you like to confess
now you didn't drink the soda before and
that this was the first real attempt
i 100 drank the soda it just and and
nick went back and listened to it again
and he even verified that he could hear
it
and just to prove this time i post
because i couldn't post it on discord
for some reason
so i [__] uh i i posted the video of
me drinking it in the slack you guys
could watch me drink this
thing yeah oh i mean the second one was
verified there
yep yeah i was there drinking it yeah
you slam it yeah
drink the [__] out of it it's a hug if i
had more sodas i would do the two and do
the 30 seconds oh it doesn't look eric
just
said it looks like a small coke was that
a regulation can yeah it's 300
hold on three times 75 milliliters 12
fluid ounces
yeah yeah that looks regulation it's a
good chunk you're very faster i mean as
far as timing goes
get a nice view of the shelves in the
background too very important
gavin came over and he saw the shelves
for the first time and then he uh he
seemed
to dislike my podcast set up he just
kept saying
i don't this doesn't seem like where you
would record this doesn't feel right i
don't
i'm bothered by it when i picture you
doing this like when i'm picturing you
right now you're not in there for some
reason
where am i where do you picture yeah i
don't know
i mean now that i've been now that i've
set foot in there i can picture you
better more
what
[Laughter]
but like right now i can't really
picture andrew i've never seen andre's
entire room i don't think so i don't
i don't really see him in my mind in
like a i'd love to see
like a blueprint of like what you think
it looks like the setup
that's a great question when you when i
see andrew's bedroom the first thing
that pops into me i see a wall
on the left is a door to the right is a
bed
with a nightstand with a bunch of things
that don't belong on it then on the
floor on the left
is a sushi container yeah in the bed
is uh a keyboard that's as big as the
bed
and then behind me i can't see it but i
assume is a desk and a fire extinguisher
and that's andrew's room to me yeah i'm
seeing the bed in the corner it's got
the eight pillows it's got the keyboard
there is a bunch of just [__] and sushi
and
ming and i probably like a mashed in
muffin or something
no on the floor and then a fridge
a sauce drawer a desk that isn't
suitable as a desk probably more of like
a draw thing
it's made up like i could do you a
diagram i'd love to see a diagram
we should both draw or draw andrew's
bedroom
yeah i'd love to see yeah okay i want to
do that
okay that's a great idea notes at the
top standard ears
like andrew do you do you picture jeff
in his shelf room
like whenever we're doing these audio
only i i picture
jeff as just purely in a room of shelves
i only see shelves there's nothing else
in the room there's no door
from an idea yeah it's sort of like the
end of interstellar with the
we're leaning and interstellar but like
the bookshelf thing like going down
that's just all i see it's just
shelving everywhere is how i imagine
jeff's setup
and he's just looking between the books
at just different places yeah
exactly yeah that's what i see it's all
just left socks and turds
here here this is what i'm this is what
you would see that's a lot less
interesting than what i imagined it's
just
it looks like yeah i'm sorry i i i just
picked up all my left socks off the
floor unfortunately
did you tuck the chain back in i don't
see the chain did the chains back in i
see
okay yeah it's alright don't worry about
it shane's always there i'm a chain guy
all right so andrew if we both draw your
room
could you then turn around in your share
and take a picture of it for the next
week or something so we can
cross-reference
uh yeah i could do that okay i could do
that so
our homework is that we'll both draw a
schematic of your bedroom
now can can you give us any instruction
like obviously like the nose at the top
standard ears which were
actually very good instructions i
thought okay can you give us any tips
on the room yeah okay you want me to
explain the layout kind of like the key
landmark well
don't give don't give too much away but
just like something that needs to be in
there that you think
like for instance how many doors
are in the room three doors how many you
said three
i've so bedroom bathroom and closet uh i
don't
uh four doors i guess technically if you
wanna
well there could be a door there
it could hypothetically be a door there
isn't a door but there could be a door
to that space
there's three there's there
matching something about monsters inc
door door at the front
door at the front left store at the
front right
wait wait wait so okay so say
say we're looking at we're drawing this
from the perspective of
if you had a webcam okay yeah are there
four doors in the view
i don't think you'd see any of the doors
in the view if i had a webcam
i had a website yeah i don't think you'd
see any of the you might well maybe
there's like no doors how many windows
are in the room uh does it uh
oh my god well technically two
technically two and how many can we see
from there like if we're trying to match
jeff's
picture i'm trying to figure out what
the range would be of the webcam of what
would be
uh you would maybe you would maybe you'd
maybe see like half a window
window at the back okay
door to the front well not too far to
the back door to the front
standard doors well i just i don't know
i'm giving instructions you wanted me to
not be specific
door to the front
door at the top stand your doors to the
side everything you're doing is making
it worse
so the door is behind where the camera
would be
uh one of the door yeah one of the doors
yeah i thought the camera was against
the desk which was against the wall
where the window is
uh uh no the wall
the wall so the camera is this room how
many walls do you have
uh well one two it's a four it's a
standard it's a regulation four-walled
room
okay a standard box regulation somehow
four doors on one wall
uh there's there's no there's a door on
every wall but one
okay we got multiple doors so we're
looking at the wall without doors
uh yeah you would see the door without
walls
the what the door the wall
the whole okay yeah
you know what i mean yeah just wall at
the back
wall back this is like the end of it is
your
is your what's at the end of your bed on
the other side like your bed it goes up
against the wall
and then if you were like to scoot off
of the front of it i've just fully moved
into the mcdonald's and i don't want to
admit it
i'm just creating a space where's the
bomb it sits to the back obviously back
left
what if oh we're never going find his
damn apartment with his own instructions
he's gonna
find where he's in his own room jesus
christ
well you want me to be vague i could
give very detailed instructions but you
wanna you gotta kind of figure out where
things are
okay all right doors
where do they lead what do you mean by
that what do you mean they're at the top
yeah they're at the top well the top of
the you know if you're doing a space
door's at the top dude doors that makes
the top
no sense but they're not on the floor
what do you mean
ceiling doors no i'm doing it under the
system of uh nose at the top
doors at the top and then standard
windows standard window well it's a
pretty
no i think one of them is not a standard
window is a window in a door
a window or is it just a door that has a
wing
yeah i have a dream
so one of your doors has a window in it
yeah my one of the doors has a window
inside is it an extra
door does it go outside the house yes it
does oh
okay so you have a door thank you this
this actually helps so you have a door
to your bathroom
a door to the interior of your house and
then an exterior door
that is correct i had no idea you had an
exterior door
from an exterior i have an exterior door
well it doesn't you know it's it's uh it
doesn't lead to
i can't just i have a very limited space
i can go to
and where are we on the like the
appliances in there do we have the
keurig in there still
we have the keurig in there the waffle
maker's in my kitchen now
i made a waffle recently actually it's
very good so yeah where's the piss lady
in reference to
this she said which window okay to the
left
yeah did you see her through the window
in the door or through the non-standard
wall
great question it was the door window
door window okay
yeah wow never i'd never used the the
window window
this is this is changed this has changed
the geography of your bedroom for me
i almost i will say i i had a brief
moment i bought an ice cream maker at
like 12
20 a.m i never i i just like i want to
be i want to make ice cream
i bought one and then i went through the
pro and i thought i could put it on the
other end table so i could have a keurig
to the right
and an ice cream maker to the left i
have a fridge i could store what i
needed
and then i realized i don't know how ice
cream is made goes in the freezer
yeah well i could fig i could move it
downstairs but if i could just want like
a little cone
like a cone for me just a little make a
little small batch i don't know how ice
cream works
i realized it's a lot of effort i
thought you just poured milk and like
some
chocolate and stuff and you got like
sure it up haven't you well
yeah it's like a whole it's a whole
process so it's are you doing like an
old-timey one
no i googled what is the best ice cream
maker
and then i found it on amazon and it was
pretty cheap so i bought it
and then uh i i returned it or i
cancelled my order like an hour later
because i realized that's not a life i
want to live i'm not fully committed to
the amount of effort it would take
to properly use that thing that's fair
plus you but consideration you've barely
explored pickling and that was a
passing interest already oh i think you
know i could be open to pickling i had a
surprise pickle and i enjoyed no it was
pickled onion right
i had on the wendy's korean burger yeah
yeah that was good
i could be into pickled pinks i have
some cucumbers if you need them
yeah i'd love some
i didn't know cucumbers were pickles i
talked about that before but that was
like a recent
realization that blew my mind but there
were different things
okay well should we stop doing this
i think we can i think we covered did
you have anything else you need to talk
about you're a chain guy you're doing
tricks gavin's gonna film you on the
weekend what's for next week jeff
oh i guess i still had the tooth thing i
got a
my i do have a charger cheek that turned
out to be a real thing
but we could save that for next week or
we don't ever have to talk about my
mouth again because i [__] hate
talking about my mouth on my teeth
anymore let's just say i'm not not out
of the woods let's just say there's a
let's just say there's been a hole in my
tooth for two [__] weeks and it's
gonna continue to be there for a little
bit
can we extend just to like anyone who
who is listening to this
i'd love to see your blueprints of what
i described and maybe oh that's a great
the closest one if people could send in
what they think based on the
instructions how it looks and what will
that i might have to draw
it from the top down i'm done i'm doing
two oh obviously it's top down yeah what
way did you imagine it being drawn
i always assumed it was top down i
imagine like a blueprint yeah well i was
i was just going to draw it from like
what jeff's picture looks like i was
just going to draw you
oh that would be weird i think it's just
there's no doors over there yeah it
would be a very boring view if you did
that i think you should do a top-down
doors at the top standard doors all well
two of them are standard one of them has
a window in it
that's the exterior one okay so okay so
the final
piece of information i need if we're
drawing top down okay where is your desk
if i'm looking top down
desk at the top where's your bed bed at
the back bad at the bottom so wait
you're facing
you're facing up yeah i'm facing up oh
god that's confusing me already all
right
the beds wait the desks at the top and
the beds at the bottom
yeah and the doors are at the top doors
are at the top
and the external doors at the top
external doors at the top
and the interior to your house doors at
the top and the wrapping doors at the
top
all the doors are top top of the area
yes if you drew a line in the middle of
the room across
they would all be in the top area who
would do that so you looking at a door
uh if i look to my left like i could see
a door my peripheral
i see a door i'm not looking at it but
it's in my peripheral vision yes
i'm imagining a four-walled room with
like four doors in one of the corners
somehow i don't know how it makes sense
i it makes no goddamn sense gavin
i'm so confused they're at the top all
right three doors i'm gonna draw that
one closet one
that's important one closet closet
doesn't have a door could have a door
you could put a door there but now as
the closet if we're looking at the top
at the [__] at the wall of doors you
have an entire wall
that's just doors and then also is is
the closet to the left or the right
there's only one door per wall they're
just
all at the top um
okay wait oh this one okay you went into
your closet
to avoid the smoke getting in the fire
the smoke alarm but it doesn't
it doesn't have a door no it's a walk-in
closet it's a little walk-in closet with
no door
i don't know i didn't design it i didn't
build this place you can put a door on
it
how do you mean all four doors are at
the top but they're not already in the
same wall
there's no there's if you want to call
the closeted door that doesn't have a
door then there's technically one wall
with two doors but outside of that
there is one door per wall and they're
all at the top
but they're not all on the same wall
gavin i i hate
this i'm gonna have to listen to this
back at like point five speed
it's very similar oh gavin it's very
simple all of the doors are at the top
but they're on different walls yes and i
have four walls
they're non-standard windows and one of
them is in a door yeah
well i've got one very standard window
one door not standard window i'd say i'd
say it's not
the standard one i should draw the room
that i thought
he lived in before this explanation and
then
the room that he's convinced me he lives
in now they're very different
i can't wait to see these drugs i feel
like once again like the nose thing you
guys said crazy
instructions or at least gavin did uh i
feel it's very clear
i mean based on the information i have
i'm gonna draw a room that defies
physics
yeah you're gonna have [__] a ceiling
full of doors
sauce tower also at the top i feel like
that's important
what's at the top the sauce tower the
sauce pyramid that i've built the sauce
construction your entire [__]
apartment is at the top
what's on the what's at the bottom my
bed
he lifts my bed in my carrick it's like
a two-dimensional room
it's the opposite of interstellar i got
my bed my keurig
i got my end tables my nightstands
it's not so stellar is what this is
do you sleep on a shelf on the wall at
the top
i sleep on a very comfortable bed uh
with a surrounded by a thousand pillows
and a keyboard bed at the bottom eric
eric gets it
if oh yeah it could be a murphy bed does
not fall out
it takes up a lot of room though it's a
king-sized bed it's a big bed so it's
going to eat up a lot of the space
no it's just it's just a diagram i'm
saying it's going to fill up a lot of
space it's not a big room
bed takes up a lot of the room is what
you're saying i'm saying it's a majority
of my roommate's bed yeah if you're
gonna measure it
right mostly bed that's fair okay okay
i'm gonna get to work on this
yeah yeah i'm gonna probably forget and
then do it 10 minutes before next week
can't wait so
i'll get right on that next thursday
well thanks for listening to this
episode of face another one in the books
can you believe that
andrew's room was like that i drank that
whole budweiser what a crazy episode i
can't wait to see the
trailer that gavin shoots for jeff's
bike stunts find out what happens next
time
on the next episode of face episode 59.
see you next time goodbye what's the
budweiser this episode that was it
oh my god
it was like it was done in posts how
many episodes in a row have we done this
stupid soda thing now
uh well we didn't do anything last week
but we've done three now did it did we
not do any less
we didn't jeff did jeff did one last
week didn't he or was that this one
no that was this one no i didn't show
you oh no yeah you're right you're right
we did one
there's one break goodbye bye see all
right eric we'll see you later
uh what else you guys want to talk about
um
about that window